There is a vast amount of valuable data at the tip of your fingers and it's ever growing. But left unprocessed and unused, this data has the power to improve the productivity of your system as well as increase your profits at any time. So how to analyze all this data? It's not possible to do this by hand, as every second means more and more data pouring in. That is why we created Inview. The Inview industrial IOT platform connects machines and devices, databases and software solutions you're using, wherever they may be, and lets you perfect your business or production process. The Inview empowers you to create your own real time data dashboards and process visualizations and access it from anywhere in the world. Being cloud based, Inview is immediately available. Furthermore, with implemented machine learning, it gives you insights that you never had before.
The inview provides a machine learning environment to easily utilize an AI enhanced control. The more data you have, the closer to perfect your application gets. You can create a digital model of the entire system or a part of it, and directly connect it to your control system, making corrective actions in real time and predicting its behavior. And most importantly, it is an easy to use no code solution. This means that the people that know your processes the best can fine tune Inview to create a unique application tailored to your needs. And there's no coding skills required. So you or your best technicians can create the application using a simple drag and drop interface without a need to type a single line of code. This data can immediately make a difference whether you create industrial monitoring and control or infrastructure mobility, environmental logistic, supply or business operations application, or even medical health or telemedicine application.
Inview IOT platform the unique tool that enables evolution of a distributed control system with endless possibilities for creating a four point zero industrial environment.